The aim of the ontology to be created is to model all the necessary concepts and their relationships for Search and Rescue (SAR) missions. The scope of the ontology is wildfire incidents. The generated ontology should be able to capture, link and semantically integrate heterogeneous data, regarding the environment in which the mission takes place, collected from different resources such as sensors, social media (from users in the nearby area), and input from first responders, in order to provide decision support services to the crisis management centre.Therefore, the generated ontology should have a deep scope, encompassing a wide range of domain knowledge relevant to forest fire emergencies. The key knowledge that must be represented in your ontology includes: A. Incidents and Impacts: The ontology must capture relevant incidents and impacts in a wildfire disaster. This knowledge is crucial for understanding  the extent and severity of the wildfire and its consequences. B. Weather Conditions: Representation of weather conditions, including temperature, wind speed, humidity, and weather forecasts, is essential for understanding the environmental factors influencing the behavior of the wildfire. This knowledge helps in assessing the potential spread and behavior of the fire. C. Data from Human and Earth Observations: The ontology must include data relevant to the analysis of input data coming from various type of sensors, satellites, and social media sources. This knowledge provides valuable information for monitoring and assessing the wildfire situation. D. Missions and Relationships Between Services: Representation of missions and relationships between the services involved in wildfire management is important for coordinating and organizing emergency response efforts.Moreover, you will be given three sets of competence questions. The competency questions are the following: The first set aims to represent the wildfire disaster and relevant incident and impacts: CQ1. What are the most important weather variables that can cause forest fire? CQ2. What are the current measurements for these weather variables? CQ3. What is the forecast for the weather in this location? CQ4. Where did the incident take place? CQ5. What is the priority of an incident during a forest fire disaster? CQ6. What incidents during forest fires are the most urgent? Set of CQs that you must take into account related data from human and earth observations: CQ7. What data from the source are depicted? CQ8. Which is the creation date of these data? CQ9. What is the location of this item? CQ10. Which is the classification type of smoke? CQ11. Which vulnerable objects were involved in the incident? CQ12. What is the status of wildfire forestry works (firebreaks, access to forest roads, etc.)? The last set of CQs that your ontology must answer is related to the representation of missions and relationships between the services: CQ13. What services or support do you offer for firefighting? CQ14. Which mission do you follow for this support/service? CQ15. What is the location where this mission is taking place? CQ16. Where is the most urgent mission taking place? CQ17. What is the population density in the area? CQ18. What is the location of the involved people? Your ultimate goal is to generate a comprehensive ontology that covers all of the above requirements and is capable of answering the above questions. You need to create an extensive, comprehensive and well-connected ontology using all the necessary owl axioms to meet all the above requirements. 